Add content for SCs 2.4.13, 2.5.5, 2.5.6, and 3.1.3 (#934)
w3c/wcag2ict: success-criteria-problematic-for-closed-functionality.md

 </li>
<li><a href="#pointer-cancellation">2.5.2 Pointer Cancellation</a> — As noted in the section <a href="#applying-sc-2-5-2-pointer-cancellation-to-non-web-documents-and-non-web-software">Applying SC 2.5.2 Pointer Cancellation to non-web documents and non-web software</a>, examples of ‘essential’ functionality are features for meeting environmental energy usage requirements (like waking a device from sleep, power saver mode, and low power state).</li>  
<li><a href="#label-in-name">2.5.3 Label in Name</a> — Requires information in a programmatically determinable form; specifically, the programmatic name contains the text of the visual label.</li>
<li><a href="#target-size-enhanced">2.5.5 Target Size (Enhanced)</a> — This success criterion uses CSS pixels for defining the target size. ICT with closed functionality may not use CSS pixels as a standard measurement, but the definition of ‘CSS pixel’ still applies as described in [Applying “CSS pixel” to non-web documents and non-web software](#applying-css-pixel-to-non-web-documents-and-non-web-software). If the system supports a density-independent pixel measurement, it should be used in place of CSS pixels.

> <div class="note">If the viewing distance and pixel density of the system are unknown, approximating the reference pixel as described in Applying “CSS pixel” to non-web documents and software is not possible.</div>

Reviewer: #
```suggestion
<div class="note">If the viewing distance and pixel density of the system are unknown, approximating the reference pixel as described in Applying “CSS pixel” to non-web documents and non-web software is not possible.</div>
```

<div class="note">If the viewing distance and pixel density of the system are unknown, approximating the reference pixel as described in Applying “CSS pixel” to non-web documents and software is not possible.</div>
<div class="note">For non-web software designed to run on specific known hardware, a physical size standard would be more straightforward to apply, as calculations for a CSS pixel are dependent on the viewing distance or pixel density of the display.</div></li>
<li><a href="#language-of-page">3.1.1 Language of Page</a> — Depends upon language information being in a programmatically determinable form intended to drive correct pronunciation.  Where another mechanism achieves correct pronunciation for ICT with closed functionality, such as self-voicing, the intent of this success criterion would be met.</li>
<li><a href="#language-of-parts">3.1.2 Language of Parts</a> — Depends upon language information in a programmatically determinable form intended to drive correct pronunciation.  Where another mechanism achieves correct pronunciation for ICT with closed functionality, such as self-voicing, the intent of this success criterion would be met.</li>

> <li><a href="#unusual-words">3.1.3 Unusual Words</a> — This success criterion is problematic to apply to ICT with closed functionality as they may not provide support for a [mechanism](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/#dfn-mechanism) to provide definitions of words or phrases.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><a href="#unusual-words">3.1.3 Unusual Words</a> — This success criterion is problematic to apply to ICT with closed functionality as support may not be available for a [mechanism](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/#dfn-mechanism) to provide definitions of words or phrases.</li>
```
